Sometimes …it took seconds to control your anger, only to avoid the state of eternal feud – Toba Beta
Do not allow your anger to control your reason, but rather your reason to control your anger. – Nelson Mandela
Anger is a brief madness: govern your mind [temper], for unless it obeys it commands. Horace
“Don’t hold to anger, hurt or pain. They steal your energy and keep you from love.” – Leo Buscaglia
“The best fighter is never angry.” ― Lao Tzu
Those who spend (in Allah’s Cause) in prosperity and in adversity, who repress anger, and who pardon men; verily, Allah loves Al-Muhsinoon (the good-doers).” – Al Quran
Control your “anger” because it is just ONE Letter away from “d”anger. – Auliq Ice
Some ride the bullet to vent, while some shoot the bullet to revenge. – Anthony Liccione
“Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.” – Buddha
“Anger makes you smaller, while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond what you are.” – Cherie Carter-Scott
Even though sometimes you can control your anger, you can’t control your sadness. – Barbara Park
“Acknowledging and being conscious that you are being angry is a battle half won against anger.” – Anon
“Patience is the direct antithesis of anger.” ― Allan Lokos
when your emotions are in motion, take a break and ponder! – Ernest Agyemang Yeboah
Allah says, “When they get angry, they forgive. – Al Quran
“Angry people are not always wise.” ― Jane Austen
“Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.” ― Ambrose Bierce
“For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“When one of you becomes angry while standing, he should sit down. If the anger leaves him, well and good; otherwise he should lie down.” – Prophet Muhammad (PBUH)
“Throughout life there will be people who will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.” – Will Smith
“A heart filled with anger has no room for love.” – Joan Lunden
Control yourself, it is not worth it. You will regret your rudeness afterwards, your sensitive nature will be troubled – Leila Aboulela
“The greatest remedy for anger is delay.” ― Thomas Paine
“The best vaccine against anger is to watch others in its throes.” ― Marcel Proust
“Studies show that aggressively expressing anger doesn’t relieve anger but amplifies it. On the other hand, not expressing anger often allows it to disappear without leaving ugly traces.” ― Gretchen Rubin
Anger, in and of itself, is a good thing, within reason, but it will be your greatest enemy if you don’t learn to control it! – Ali
If you cannot at first control your anger, learn to control your tongue, which, like fire, is a good servant, but a hard master. – Orison Swett Marden
“There is always something behind what is wrong and to change what is wrong, mind the things behind what is wrong! When you see what is wrong, see why, who and what is behind what is wrong.” ― Ernest Agyemang Yeboah
“No passion disturbs the soundness of our judgement as anger does.” ― Michel de Montaigne
“Consciously feel the energy behind your anger and anger will no longer control you as it used to”. – Unknown