”If you want to conquer fear, don’t sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.” – Dale Carnegie
”You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, ‘I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
”Don’t let fear or insecurity stop you from trying new things. Believe in yourself. Do what you love. And most importantly, be kind to others, even if you don’t like them.” – Stacy London
”I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.” – Nelson Mandela
”We must build dikes of courage to hold back the flood of fear.” – Martin Luther King, Jr.
“You always have two choices: your commitment versus your fear.” – Sammy Davis, Jr.
”As soon as the fear approaches near, attack and destroy it.” – Chanakya
”Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.” – Marie Curie
”If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.” – Sun Tzu
”Being brave isn’t the absence of fear. Being brave is having that fear but finding a way through it.” –  Bear Grylls
”The key to growth is acknowledging your fear of the unknown and jumping in anyway.” – Jen Sincero
”You just have to get rid of fear and confront the world. Look at yourself in the mirror and say to yourself, ‘I love you and nothing will destroy you and you’re not going to fall.” – Ricky Martin
”If you go deeper and deeper into your own heart, you’ll be living in a world with less fear, isolation and loneliness.” – Sharon Salzberg
”I was set free because my greatest fear had been realized, and I still had a daughter who I adored, and I had an old typewriter and a big idea. And so rock bottom became a solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.” – J. K. Rowling
”I say I am stronger than fear.” – Malala Yousafzai
”Yoga is a way to freedom. By its constant practice, we can free ourselves from fear, anguish and loneliness.” – Indra Devi
”Limits, like fear, is often an illusion.” – Michael Jordan
”One of the greatest discoveries a man makes, one of his great surprises, is to find he can do what he was afraid he couldn’t do.” – Henry Ford
”Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.” – Napoleon Hill