“Minds are like parachutes, they function only when open.”— Unknown
“Happiness is a deep sense of flourishing, not a mere pleasurable feeling or fleeting emotion but an optimal state of being.” – Matthieu Ricard
“Be happy with being you. Love your flaws. Own your quirks. And know that you are just as perfect as anyone else, exactly as you are.” – Ariana Grande
“Those who can laugh without cause have either found the true meaning of happiness or have gone stark raving mad!”- Norm Papernick
“True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one’s self.” – Joseph Addison
“If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion.” – Dalai Lama
“Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.”- Marcus Aurelius
“Many persons have a wrong idea of what constitutes true happiness. It is not attained through self-gratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose.”– Helen Keller
“Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the by-product of other activities.”― Aldous Huxley
“Do not look for happiness outside yourself. The awakened seek happiness inside.”― Peter Deunov “Everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while you’re climbing it.”― Andy Rooney
“Be happy in the moment, that’s enough. Each moment is all we need, not more.”― Mother Teresa
“Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.” – Buddha
“Don’t rely on someone else for your happiness and self-worth. Only you can be responsible for that. If you can’t love and respect yourself – no one else will be able to make that happen.
Accept who you are – completely; the good and the bad – and make changes as YOU see fit – not because you think someone else wants you to be different.” – Stacey Charter
“There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.” – Epictetus
“For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.” – Ernest Hemingway
“Happiness is not something readymade. It comes from your own actions.” – 14th Dalai Lama
“People are just as happy as they make up their minds to be.” – Abraham Lincoln
“A man’s as miserable as he thinks he is.” — Seneca
“We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.” – Anne Frank
“Most people would rather be certain they’re miserable than risk being happy.” – Robert Anthony
“No one is in control of your happiness but you; therefore, you have the power to change anything about yourself or your life that you want to change.” – Barbara DeAngelis
“If only we’d stop trying to be happy we could have a pretty good time.” – Edith Wharton
“Whether you choose to move on from your struggles and enjoy life or waddle in your misery, life will continue.” ― Germany Kent
“The only thing that will make you happy is being happy with who you are, and not who people think you are.” – Goldie Hawn
“My greatest beauty secret is being happy with myself. I don’t use special creams or treatments – I’ll use a little bit of everything. It’s a mistake to think you are what you put on yourself. I believe that a lot of how you look is to do with how you feel about yourself and your life. Happiness is the greatest beauty secret.” – Tina Turner
“By being yourself you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before.” – Edwin Elliott
“Be positive. Stay happy and don’t let the negativity of the world get you down.” ― Germany Kent
“The talent for being happy is appreciating and liking what you have, instead of what you don’t have.” – Woody Allen
“True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one’s self.” – Joseph Addison
“Happiness? That’s nothing more than health and a poor memory.” – Albert Schweitzer
“I am very happy because I have conquered myself and not the world. I am very happy because I have loved the world and not myself.” – Sri Chinmoy
“Happiness, not in another place but this place…not for another hour, but this hour.” – Walt Whitman
“Whatever you decide to do make sure it makes you happy.” — Paulo Coelho

