“A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.” –  Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
“Things turn out best for the people who make the best of the way things turn out.” – John Wooden
“We become what we think about.” – Earl Nightingale
“The mind is everything.  What you think you become.” – Buddha
“The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.” –Alice Walker
“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.” – Milton Berle
“Much of our pain or misery in life stems from our own outlook towards the situation. A paralyzed person can also be happy, so can be a financially poor family.” – Amit Ahlawat
“When I got fired from my first sales job, it seemed like I had fallen at the first hurdle. As it turned out, it was the best thing that could have happened. It lead me into a job where I really learned the ropes and showed me that even disasters have positive sides.”  – Tony Clark
“Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.” ― Roy T. Bennett
“We are responsible for what we are, and whatever we wish ourselves to be, we have the power to make ourselves.” – Swami Vivekananda
“The difference in winning and losing is most often…not quitting.” – Walt Disney
“Anything that’s not positive, I don’t have the energy to focus on it. Anything that’s not going in the right direction, I don’t have the time or the energy.” – DMX
“Live each day as if your life had just begun.” – Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
“To be happy is to think positively, confidently and optimistically.” – Dr T.P.Chia
“Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you’re going to live your life.” – Joel Osteen
“Positive thinking can be contagious. Being surrounded by winners helps you develop into a winner.” – Arnold Schwarzenegger
“I’m taking all the negatives in my life, and turning them into a positive.” – Pitbull
“When you go through a negative situation, don’t think about it. Make it positive.” – Yoko Ono
“When you think positive, good things happen.” – Matt Kemp
“I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.” – Nelson Mandela
“Some days there won’t be a song in your heart. Sing anyway.” – Emory Austin
“There are always flowers for those who want to see them.” – Henry Matisse