Sometimes it seems like everything is going wrong. You feel alone, you have no one to talk to, and things are just too difficult. I know how hard it can be to get out of this situation. The world can seem so dark when everything feels like it’s crashing in on you; but when the sun shines again, don’t forget that there will always be someone there for you.
I know you are feeling really down right now. You have been through so much, and it’s hard to imagine anything getting better. But I’m here for you. It will get better, I promise! And even if it doesn’t, we’ll figure out a way together. After all the time we’ve spent being friends over the years, you deserve my support no matter what happens next.
I am so sorry to hear that you are feeling down. It is hard when we feel sad and can’t seem to find anything that makes us happy. Maybe it’s just the blues or maybe it has something to do with a relationship. Whatever the reason, know that there is someone out here who cares about you and wants nothing more than for you to be happy again. You deserve happiness!
Moments like these give us the opportunity to dig deep and summon our inner strength in order to stay afloat. I know you can do it, and if you need someone to lean on, I’ll be there for you.
Looking back on all the memories we’ve shared, it’s clear that we’ve been through some difficult times together, and at each of these times, we’ve emerged stronger, happier, and better, and this will be no exception. So get your spirits up already.
I can’t tell you how many times I’ve had to rely on you when things go wrong. You’ve always had my back and given me hope when I couldn’t find my way. So I’m confident you have the fortitude to face adversity head on.
You’ve always had my back, your shoulders have always been broad enough for me to lean on, you’ve always been a light in the midst of the deepest darkness, and that’s what I want you to be in this difficult time – SHINE.
You’re probably aware that the tree with the best fruits attracts the most stones. Whatever you’re going through is just a test of your resilience and tenacity, so ace the test, mate.
There is power in your thoughts, the way you think will determine how your life will be. If you think your life will be miserable, definitely it will be miserable but if you feel like someday, whatever that passed you by will be regained, so shall it be.
Please don’t cry again. Whatever happened in the past cannot be reversed. We live life to see tomorrow; looking back at yesterday will draw you back except when done in good condition. I wish you the best in life.
Whatever you need can be achieved if you really want it to. It is not good to cry when you can do the right thing to reach a great height in life. I will advise that you should look back at the old days you do things to checkmate the present life. You will realize that your present life is better than the past you used to be happy no matter what.
If you feel like you are going down too much, it is not too late to motivate yourself with positive thoughts. You don’t need to be sad for no reason, every single day is unique in a way it was set right from the beginning, and so if today is bad for you, tomorrow could be the best.
If things are not going on fine in life, don’t hesitate to make it happen. You may be surprised if what I suggest is crazy or even possible. There is nothing that is impossible on this earth as far as I am concerned. So, wipe your tears and make peace with your heart.
You don’t know what tomorrow has in stock for you. Pray hard and hope for the good things God will bring for you. The life of a servant with great hope in God will finally become great. There is no doubt about it.
You used to be a very lively person. Don’t allow this trial to weigh you down, you can still be the best you want to be, so do great things for yourself by believing in what you can do. You don’t need to give up upon what you believe in.
I am so glad to have you in this world. The truth is that you are one of the most amazing people on this earth. I believe your predicaments will finally bring great things to your life. People face different challenges and yet never give up.
Don’t worry about what people say about you, worry about the truth in their words that you refused to learn from. I am sorry for what happen but I want you to see it as a lesson for greater things in life. You are strong, so don’t be sad.
Are you sad because there is no light today? Who knows how tomorrow will look? It is very important for a person to have great confidence in good things that can happen in life. Don’t even fear to face reality.
If life is too hard to face, don’t worry, you will still find your way out of every distress. You can be the change you want to see only if you can be more patient. I assure you will never regret ever coming to this world. Just stay positive and everything will be alright at last.
I was wrong when I thought things are okay with you, I didn’t know you are going through this pain. This pain has been there for years and yet you decided to keep it to yourself. Well, may the Lord heal you; I am sorry for all you lost.
Always look for a way out of distress. Don’t give because you failed. Failure is a lesson to get to a greater height in life. Take your time to do the right thing and in no time, you will be glad you did. You have every right to be the best you want to be.
You can still come back to your feet. Forget about the negative thoughts people want you to have about yourself. There is nothing that is impossible on this earth. Just try all your best and be the change you want to be.
I wish you all the best in this world. The reason why I text you this is because I can see that you have really tried your best to succeed but still, things are not moving well. This is not bad luck, it is a challenge you must face.
It really hurt when you lose a job you have been searching years upon years within a twinkle of an eye. You can always be the best you want to be at any given time. I wish you all the best on this earth and hope you enjoy your days. I am sorry for your loss.
When the time comes for you to enjoy, nobody can stop you. Now that you are struggling is the best time to build yourself into a great hero. Tomorrow may look too distanced but within a micro-second, you will find it right before you.
Endure in pain so that you will know how to manage your emotions when things get better. Remember the poor people, once you begin to have your money. Don’t cry anymore, life may seem difficult but it is one of the greatest events that happened to mankind.